you invited me advice and Satan
intelligent Akbar and send it toast my
friendly McCulloch your zucchini his
little deflection on the crossbar
deceive sale today at the opening couple
of minutes but a fantastic lesson headed
from Lee McCulloch is the elephant
Rangers a flood is a gator the
deflection onto the crossbar and Celtic
survive or so blow your passenger for
NASA brownie impartial the core insight
to forest and what a challenge that was
let's finish here a half time on Real
Radio Rangers nil Celtic Miller jewel
lately cosas de passe so for some reason
here Giorgio summers could score and he
scores for sale take charge
Celtic mods he looks the ball past
Eliminator as Celtic leads a time blocks
it was also easy it was all so simple
Celtic art in fronts Celtic leads in the
old folk Darby in Celtic one Ranger
still to the half we laid to giorgio
samurai she looked so easy on the ball
but he easily out pieces g meanness he
runs into the fringe of pills its rarity
that is a penalty nor doubt about it
georgios samaras turning on the style
and thus corner of the first goal
giorgio samurais steps up to put celtic
to nil up can he do it from the penalty
spot
georgios samaras versus ala mcgregor in
front of the celtic faisal i Bronx it's
a goal for sale take sell see Carla
dream lads
Celtic are tuned them up and the fans
you can hear are the Celtic fans they
are celebrating and they've got every
way to celebrate because Celtic have
just beated Rangers brilliant performers
for Celtic in the home of Rangers
Football Club